thank you my quick question is my mom is
72 years old she's a United States
Senator
she's not working right now and she
wants the sponsor my sister who is in
Jamaica all gone will it take for her to
get here well if your mom's a US citizen
and your sister's unmarried it's about a
four plus year wait maybe four to five
years don't worry about whether you was
married okay fine so she's unmarried at
this present time which is really all
that matters
it'll take four plus years or so you
know four and a half five years
somewhere in that range is my guess it's
a good guesstimate let your mother file
for her now don't worry about whether
your mother's working and not don't
worry about whether your mother's gonna
be working in five years or not because
you could always get a second affidavit
of support from somebody else what's
most important is get the application in
and what hopefully will happen is if
there is some immigration reform over
the next couple of years I'm not looking
forward to any immigration reform next
month but in the next couple years we
assume that there will be some sort of
immigration reform and that hopefully
that'll speed up the case
you